# Document-Chat-Bot-Using-Cohere-API-
Document Chat is a Streamlit web application that allows users to interact with text documents in a conversational manner. Users can upload a CSV file containing text data or paste text directly into the application. They can then ask questions about the text and receive answers generated by a language model.

## Features

- **Upload CSV**: Users can upload a CSV file containing text data. The CSV file should have a single column with a header called "text".
- **Paste Text**: Alternatively, users can paste text directly into the application using a text area.
- **Ask Questions**: Users can input questions related to the text content.
- **Advanced Options**: Users can adjust advanced options such as temperature and maximum tokens for text generation.
- **Get Answers**: Upon pressing the "Get Answer" button, the application generates a response to the input question based on the provided text data.

## Installation

To run the application locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone this repository:

   
2. Install the required dependencies:

   `pip install -r requirements.txt`
   
3. Run the Streamlit application:

   `streamlit run app.py`

## Usage

- Select the input type (either "TEXT BOX" or "CSV").
- Upload a CSV file or paste text into the text area.
- Input a question related to the text content.
- Optionally, adjust advanced options.
- Press the "Get Answer" button to generate a response.


## License

This project is developed using [Cohere's qa API](https://github.com/cohere-ai/cohere-python).







